README.md, before:

# README Generator 
Creating a professional README is a crucial step when launching an open source project on GitHub. This command-line application simplifies the process by dynamically generating a high-quality README.md file based on user input. The generated README includes sections such as project title, description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and more.

## Functionality of App
1. Created a command-line application that accepts user input.
2. Prompts the user for information about the application repository.
3. Generate a professional README with the following sections:
• Title
• Description
• Table of Contents
• Installation
• Usage
• License
• Contributing
• Tests
• Questions
4. Displays the entered project title as the desired title.
5. Populates the sections with user-provided information.
6. Adds a license badge and notice based on the chosen license.
7. Includes a link to the user's GitHub profile in the Questions section.
8. Provides instructions on how to reach the user with additional questions via email.
9. Ensures that links in the Table of Contents navigate to the corresponding sections in the README.

## Walkthrough Video to see functionality of APP
For a detailed demonstration of the functionality of the README generator, please refer to the walkthrough video linked below:


## Installation
* Node.js
* npm
* Inquirer Package version 6.3.1

## Tools and Technologies
* VS Code - JavaScript, README and Terminal
* GitHub
* Screencastify for Video Walkthrough

## Collaboration
Drew helped and guided through on how to make this app functional

Commit message:

new content and fixing repository

README.md, after:

# README Generator 
Creating a professional README is a crucial step when launching an open source project on GitHub. This command-line application simplifies the process by dynamically generating a high-quality README.md file based on user input. The generated README includes sections such as project title, description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and more.

## Functionality of App
1. Created a command-line application that accepts user input.
2. Prompts the user for information about the application repository.
3. Generate a professional README with the following sections:
* Title
* Description
* Table of Contents
* Installation
* Usage
* License
* Contributing
* Tests
* Questions
4. Displays the entered project title as the desired title.
5. Populates the sections with user-provided information.
6. Adds a license badge and notice based on the chosen license.
7. Includes a link to the user's GitHub profile in the Questions section.
8. Provides instructions on how to reach the user with additional questions via email.
9. Ensures that links in the Table of Contents navigate to the corresponding sections in the README.

## Walkthrough Video to see functionality of APP
For a detailed demonstration of the functionality of the README generator, please refer to the walkthrough video linked below:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1x4rvA2uBtyxo_wQnEfQUZ86iKvVr1p_z/view


## Installation
* Node.js
* npm
* Inquirer Package version 6.3.1

## Tools and Technologies
* VS Code - JavaScript, README and Terminal
* GitHub
* Screencastify for Video Walkthrough

## Collaboration
Drew helped and guided through on how to make this app functional.

## Useful links of App
1. Github link to repository: https://github.com/Jeshikha/readme-generator

2. A sample README-gen.md file for the project repository generated using the application:
